Test tutorials (#399)
stfc/janus-core: docs/source/user_guide/python.rst

> Jupyter Notebook tutorials illustrating the use of currently available calculations can be found in the `janus-tutorials <https://github.com/stfc/janus-tutorials>`_ repository. This currently includes examples for:

Author: ```suggestion
Jupyter Notebook tutorials illustrating the use of currently available calculations can be found in the `tutorials <https://github.com/stfc/janus-core/tree/main/docs/source/tutorials>`_ documentation directory. This currently includes examples for:
```

> - `Single Point <https://colab.research.google.com/github/stfc/janus-core/blob/main/docs/source/tutorials/single_point.ipynb>`_
> - `Geometry Optimization <https://colab.research.google.com/github/stfc/janus-core/blob/main/docs/source/tutorials/geom_opt.ipynb>`_
> - `Molecular Dynamics <https://colab.research.google.com/github/stfc/janus-core/blob/main/docs/source/tutorials/md.ipynb>`_
> - `Equation of State <https://colab.research.google.com/github/stfc/janus-core/blob/main/docs/source/tutorials/eos.ipynb>`_
> - `Phonons <https://colab.research.google.com/github/stfc/janus-core/blob/main/docs/source/tutorials/phonons.ipynb>`_

Author: ```suggestion
.. |single_point| image:: https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg 
    :target: https://colab.research.google.com/github/stfc/janus-core/blob/main/docs/source/tutorials/single_point.ipynb
    :alt: Launch single point Colab

.. |geom_opt| image:: https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg 
    :target: https://colab.research.google.com/github/stfc/janus-core/blob/main/docs/source/tutorials/geom_opt.ipynb
    :alt: Launch geometry optimisation Colab

.. |md| image:: https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg 
    :target: https://colab.research.google.com/github/stfc/janus-core/blob/main/docs/source/tutorials/md.ipynb
    :alt: Launch molecular dynamics Colab

.. |eos| image:: https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg 
    :target: https://colab.research.google.com/github/stfc/janus-core/blob/main/docs/source/tutorials/eos.ipynb
    :alt: Launch equation of state Colab

.. |phonons| image:: https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg 
    :target: https://colab.research.google.com/github/stfc/janus-core/blob/main/docs/source/tutorials/phonons.ipynb
    :alt: Launch phonons Colab

  - :doc:`Single Point </tutorials/single_point>` |single_point|
  - :doc:`Geometry Optimization </tutorials/geom_opt>` |geom_opt|
  - :doc:`Molecular Dynamics </tutorials/single_point>` |md|
  - :doc:`Equation of State </tutorials/eos>` |eos|
  - :doc:`Phonons </tutorials/phonons>` |phonons|
```
